Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, before we start creating the functionality to sign up users, we are going to first talk about
test entity controller.
Now what we're going to try to do in this lecture is we're going to grab the input of the user.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we are going to need to go back to our voice code and then the view's dietary.
And then the London customer screen.
Sorry.
So for that landing customer screen and now we can use control and B, to make this wide line enough
to grab the user in periods or whatever the user is going to type in here.
We are going to be using something known as test ADC controller.
Okay.
So over here.
We are going to create a finer variable and we are going to call this variable on the score.
The first field we have over here is the full name so we can say on the score.
Full name controller.
We are using this on the score so this variable will be assessable outside this file.
So on this score full name and we are going to say is equal to.
Test.
A detailed.
It did.
Same controller.
Controller.
Okay.
This is it.
Now as well.
We can specify the type of this variable.
So over here we can say this variable is a type of test that's in controller.
Okay.
Now what we have to do is we have to bind this variable to that full name test field.
So we have the full name.
Now it's in the test form.
Field or test field.
The.
This home field has a property known as controller.
And now we can call that variable we just created called Full Name.
Full name controller OC great as well.
You're going to need to do for the image control the image test field and the password test field.
Okay.
So over here.
We can create a finite variable and we can just go ahead and specify the type of variable it is a type
of test controller and we can say underscore email.
Controller is required to test and detain.
That same controller.
Everything.
Controller.
Okay.
And lastly, we can create a final variable test editing controller.
Right, and underscore.
Password Controller.
Sorry.
Password controller, it's going to be equal to test and detain.
Controller.
Okay.
This is basically it.
And now we have to bind these two variables to those two test fields.
And over here, controller is going to be underscore email.
Controller.
This core image controller.
And.
This is for the password.
Okay.
Over here, we can say controller or the score.
Password.
Controller.
So by doing this, we now have access to whatever the user is going to type in.
So what we can do is over this function where we have the sign up.
This is the content that I remember.
We created the button from scratch.
That is this button.
We created it from scratch.
Right.
So what we can do is we can wrap this container with a button and we have various type of button for
sure.
So what we can basically do is highlight and use control dots.
And we're going to wrap this with a widget.
And this widget is a type of button known as gesture.
Gesture.
Okay.
Gesture detector.
Now, the gesture detector has a property known as on tap, which is the function.
Okay.
So now all we want to do is we're going to need to say print.
We want to print the underscore.
By the score full.
Name.
Controller.
I hope this sort of played it for me.
Okay, let's go for.
Name controller.
Then Dot says that is the value.
Okay as well.
We can say Prince.
GREENE So this is going to be underscore email.
Controller.
Then the test that is the value of whatsoever the user is going to type in.
And lastly.
So this should be this.
Okay.
And lastly, we can see prints on the score.
Password.
Controller don't test.
Okay.
Now we can open our seminar.
New seminar?
And see.
Okay.
Now, what we can basically do is type in.
The full name is Mark Holly.
My.
And the email is.
This is my email.
You can contact me through this.
My colleague.
Famous at Gitmo.
That's calm.
The password is we can just say be g-a-y embassy.
But most of the time you won't want to store the password.
This is going to be a secret.
Okay, so we can click on sign up.
Okay, great.
You can see it via McCauley and the email is.
Locally famous and the password is Big Mac.
But most of the time you don't really need to store the.
Big Mac.
That is a password since it is a secret between the help and the user.
So this is basically it.
So in general, in order to grab user inputs, all you just have to do is to create a test editor controller.
So this is for the full name.
This is for the email and this is for the password.
And all we simply did was to bind it to each of the test fields whereby I said the test field has the
property known as controller.
So we bind it to this.
And over here where we have this button, we simply wrapped it with a function.
Sorry.
We simply wrapped it with a button.
And the on top part is the on top is a function, right?
And we are basically printing everything immediately.
The button is tapped, but if we don't see, understand, you can do well to let me know.
We can also have other editor instead of this we can say McClay That is the name of my company.
McClay care the me.
Okay.
Click on sign up.
Taken it many times and go check here.
Seminar.
You go sit over there.
You can see my Clay Academy, the name of my company.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.